SLZSymbolComment	i	error
MLZSymbolComment	i	error
zeroSymbolString	i	error
zeroSymbolChar	i	error
isReservedType	int	reservedType
SLZSymbolComment	 	error
MLZSymbolComment	 	error
zeroSymbolString	 	error
zeroSymbolChar	 	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	 	error
isbracket	 	error
isIncOrDec	 	error
isCompOper	 	error
isArOp	 	error
isStar	 	error
isLogicOper	 	error
isBiteOp	 	error
isAssignment	 	error
isSeparator	 	error
isUserType	 	error
isSpace	 	space
space	a	error
SLZSymbolComment	a	error
MLZSymbolComment	a	error
zeroSymbolString	a	error
zeroSymbolChar	a	error
isReservedType	a	error
isCondition	a	error
isReservedWord	a	error
isSysFunc	a	error
zeroSymbolDigit	a	error
isbracket	a	error
isIncOrDec	a	error
isCompOper	a	error
isArOp	a	error
isStar	a	error
isLogicOper	a	error
isBiteOp	a	error
isAssignment	a	error
isSeparator	a	error
isUserType	a	UserType
UserType	 	error
SLZSymbolComment	 	error
MLZSymbolComment	 	error
zeroSymbolString	 	error
zeroSymbolChar	 	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	 	error
isbracket	 	error
isIncOrDec	 	error
isCompOper	 	error
isArOp	 	error
isStar	 	error
isLogicOper	 	error
isBiteOp	 	error
isAssignment	 	error
isSeparator	 	error
isUserType	 	error
isSpace	 	space
space	=	error
SLZSymbolComment	=	error
MLZSymbolComment	=	error
zeroSymbolString	=	error
zeroSymbolChar	=	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	=	error
isbracket	=	error
isIncOrDec	=	error
isCompOper	=	isAsCompOp
isAsCompOp	 	error0
isArOp	=	error
isStar	=	error
isLogicOper	=	error
isBiteOp	=	error
isAssignment	=	Assignment
Assignment	 	error
SLZSymbolComment	 	error
MLZSymbolComment	 	error
zeroSymbolString	 	error
zeroSymbolChar	 	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	 	error
isbracket	 	error
isIncOrDec	 	error
isCompOper	 	error
isArOp	 	error
isStar	 	error
isLogicOper	 	error
isBiteOp	 	error
isAssignment	 	error
isSeparator	 	error
isUserType	 	error
isSpace	 	space
space	r	error
SLZSymbolComment	r	error
MLZSymbolComment	r	error
zeroSymbolString	r	error
zeroSymbolChar	r	error
isReservedType	rand	error
isCondition	rand	error
isReservedWord	rand	error
isSysFunc	rand	sysFunc
SLZSymbolComment	(	error
MLZSymbolComment	(	error
zeroSymbolString	(	error
zeroSymbolChar	(	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	(	error
isbracket	(	bracket
bracket	1	error
SLZSymbolComment	1	error
MLZSymbolComment	1	error
zeroSymbolString	1	error
zeroSymbolChar	1	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	1	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	)	error
SLZSymbolComment	)	error
MLZSymbolComment	)	error
zeroSymbolString	)	error
zeroSymbolChar	)	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	)	error
isbracket	)	bracket
bracket	;	error
SLZSymbolComment	;	error
MLZSymbolComment	;	error
zeroSymbolString	;	error
zeroSymbolChar	;	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	;	error
isbracket	;	error
isIncOrDec	;	error
isCompOper	;	error
isArOp	;	error
isStar	;	error
isLogicOper	;	error
isBiteOp	;	error
isAssignment	;	error
isSeparator	;	Separator
Separator	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	o	error
SLZSymbolComment	o	error
MLZSymbolComment	o	error
zeroSymbolString	o	error
zeroSymbolChar	o	error
isReservedType	output	error
isCondition	output	error
isReservedWord	output	error
isSysFunc	output	sysFunc
SLZSymbolComment	(	error
MLZSymbolComment	(	error
zeroSymbolString	(	error
zeroSymbolChar	(	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	(	error
isbracket	(	bracket
bracket	a	error
SLZSymbolComment	a	error
MLZSymbolComment	a	error
zeroSymbolString	a	error
zeroSymbolChar	a	error
isReservedType	a	error
isCondition	a	error
isReservedWord	a	error
isSysFunc	a	error
zeroSymbolDigit	a	error
isbracket	a	error
isIncOrDec	a	error
isCompOper	a	error
isArOp	a	error
isStar	a	error
isLogicOper	a	error
isBiteOp	a	error
isAssignment	a	error
isSeparator	a	error
isUserType	a	UserType
UserType	)	error
SLZSymbolComment	)	error
MLZSymbolComment	)	error
zeroSymbolString	)	error
zeroSymbolChar	)	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	)	error
isbracket	)	bracket
bracket	;	error
SLZSymbolComment	;	error
MLZSymbolComment	;	error
zeroSymbolString	;	error
zeroSymbolChar	;	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	;	error
isbracket	;	error
isIncOrDec	;	error
isCompOper	;	error
isArOp	;	error
isStar	;	error
isLogicOper	;	error
isBiteOp	;	error
isAssignment	;	error
isSeparator	;	Separator
Separator	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	a	error
SLZSymbolComment	a	error
MLZSymbolComment	a	error
zeroSymbolString	a	error
zeroSymbolChar	a	error
isReservedType	a	error
isCondition	a	error
isReservedWord	a	error
isSysFunc	a	error
zeroSymbolDigit	a	error
isbracket	a	error
isIncOrDec	a	error
isCompOper	a	error
isArOp	a	error
isStar	a	error
isLogicOper	a	error
isBiteOp	a	error
isAssignment	a	error
isSeparator	a	error
isUserType	a	UserType
UserType	 	error
SLZSymbolComment	 	error
MLZSymbolComment	 	error
zeroSymbolString	 	error
zeroSymbolChar	 	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	 	error
isbracket	 	error
isIncOrDec	 	error
isCompOper	 	error
isArOp	 	error
isStar	 	error
isLogicOper	 	error
isBiteOp	 	error
isAssignment	 	error
isSeparator	 	error
isUserType	 	error
isSpace	 	space
space	=	error
SLZSymbolComment	=	error
MLZSymbolComment	=	error
zeroSymbolString	=	error
zeroSymbolChar	=	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	=	error
isbracket	=	error
isIncOrDec	=	error
isCompOper	=	isAsCompOp
isAsCompOp	 	error0
isArOp	=	error
isStar	=	error
isLogicOper	=	error
isBiteOp	=	error
isAssignment	=	Assignment
Assignment	 	error
SLZSymbolComment	 	error
MLZSymbolComment	 	error
zeroSymbolString	 	error
zeroSymbolChar	 	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	 	error
isbracket	 	error
isIncOrDec	 	error
isCompOper	 	error
isArOp	 	error
isStar	 	error
isLogicOper	 	error
isBiteOp	 	error
isAssignment	 	error
isSeparator	 	error
isUserType	 	error
isSpace	 	space
space	r	error
SLZSymbolComment	r	error
MLZSymbolComment	r	error
zeroSymbolString	r	error
zeroSymbolChar	r	error
isReservedType	rand	error
isCondition	rand	error
isReservedWord	rand	error
isSysFunc	rand	sysFunc
SLZSymbolComment	(	error
MLZSymbolComment	(	error
zeroSymbolString	(	error
zeroSymbolChar	(	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	(	error
isbracket	(	bracket
bracket	1	error
SLZSymbolComment	1	error
MLZSymbolComment	1	error
zeroSymbolString	1	error
zeroSymbolChar	1	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	1	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	0	digit
digit	)	error
SLZSymbolComment	)	error
MLZSymbolComment	)	error
zeroSymbolString	)	error
zeroSymbolChar	)	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	)	error
isbracket	)	bracket
bracket	;	error
SLZSymbolComment	;	error
MLZSymbolComment	;	error
zeroSymbolString	;	error
zeroSymbolChar	;	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	;	error
isbracket	;	error
isIncOrDec	;	error
isCompOper	;	error
isArOp	;	error
isStar	;	error
isLogicOper	;	error
isBiteOp	;	error
isAssignment	;	error
isSeparator	;	Separator
Separator	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	o	error
SLZSymbolComment	o	error
MLZSymbolComment	o	error
zeroSymbolString	o	error
zeroSymbolChar	o	error
isReservedType	output	error
isCondition	output	error
isReservedWord	output	error
isSysFunc	output	sysFunc
SLZSymbolComment	(	error
MLZSymbolComment	(	error
zeroSymbolString	(	error
zeroSymbolChar	(	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	(	error
isbracket	(	bracket
bracket	a	error
SLZSymbolComment	a	error
MLZSymbolComment	a	error
zeroSymbolString	a	error
zeroSymbolChar	a	error
isReservedType	a	error
isCondition	a	error
isReservedWord	a	error
isSysFunc	a	error
zeroSymbolDigit	a	error
isbracket	a	error
isIncOrDec	a	error
isCompOper	a	error
isArOp	a	error
isStar	a	error
isLogicOper	a	error
isBiteOp	a	error
isAssignment	a	error
isSeparator	a	error
isUserType	a	UserType
UserType	)	error
SLZSymbolComment	)	error
MLZSymbolComment	)	error
zeroSymbolString	)	error
zeroSymbolChar	)	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	)	error
isbracket	)	bracket
bracket	;	error
SLZSymbolComment	;	error
MLZSymbolComment	;	error
zeroSymbolString	;	error
zeroSymbolChar	;	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	;	error
isbracket	;	error
isIncOrDec	;	error
isCompOper	;	error
isArOp	;	error
isStar	;	error
isLogicOper	;	error
isBiteOp	;	error
isAssignment	;	error
isSeparator	;	Separator
Separator	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	/	error
SLZSymbolComment	/	SLFSymbolComment
SLFSymbolComment	/	SLComment
SLComment	i	SLComment
SLComment	n	SLComment
SLComment	t	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	m	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	=	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	0	SLComment
SLComment	;	SLComment
SLComment	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	/	error
SLZSymbolComment	/	SLFSymbolComment
SLFSymbolComment	/	SLComment
SLComment	m	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	=	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	m	SLComment
SLComment	i	SLComment
SLComment	n	SLComment
SLComment	(	SLComment
SLComment	5	SLComment
SLComment	,	SLComment
SLComment	 	SLComment
SLComment	6	SLComment
SLComment	)	SLComment
SLComment	;	SLComment
SLComment	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	/	error
SLZSymbolComment	/	SLFSymbolComment
SLFSymbolComment	/	SLComment
SLComment	o	SLComment
SLComment	u	SLComment
SLComment	t	SLComment
SLComment	p	SLComment
SLComment	u	SLComment
SLComment	t	SLComment
SLComment	(	SLComment
SLComment	m	SLComment
SLComment	)	SLComment
SLComment	;	SLComment
SLComment	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
newLine	/	error
SLZSymbolComment	/	SLFSymbolComment
SLFSymbolComment	*	error0
MLZSymbolComment	/	MLFSymbolComment
MLFSymbolComment	*	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	m	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	5	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	m	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	z	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	6	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	z	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	[	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	z	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	]	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	0	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	w	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	h	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	l	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	<	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	s	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	z	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	{	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	[	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	]	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	[	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	]	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	}	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	0	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	w	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	h	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	l	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	<	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	6	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	{	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	w	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	[	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	]	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	-	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	-	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	6	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	w	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	:	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	w	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	/	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	/	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	-	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	>	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	/	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	/	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	[	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	]	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	}	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	h	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	'	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	f	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	'	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	=	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	'	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	g	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	'	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	+	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	c	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	b	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	l	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	E	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	b	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	l	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	g	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	:	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	i	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	Y	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	h	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	a	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	v	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	n	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	r	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	e	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	:	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	"	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	
	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	o	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	p	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	u	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	t	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	(	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	d	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	)	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	;	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	 	multilineComment1
multilineComment1	*	multilineComment2
multilineComment2	/	commentEnd
commentEnd	
	error
SLZSymbolComment	
	error
MLZSymbolComment	
	error
zeroSymbolString	
	error
zeroSymbolChar	
	error
isReservedType		error
isCondition		error
isReservedWord		error
isSysFunc		error
zeroSymbolDigit	
	error
isbracket	
	error
isIncOrDec	
	error
isCompOper	
	error
isArOp	
	error
isStar	
	error
isLogicOper	
	error
isBiteOp	
	error
isAssignment	
	error
isSeparator	
	error
isUserType	
	error
isSpace	
	error
isNewLine	
	newLine
